I was told that be women when a high-end
brothel staffed entirely by Ukrainian
Runaways there will be women in time
good or bad whatever you thought of the
second season of preacher I think we can
all agree that hair star was one of the
highlights my name is Hester I god
you're on attraction I'm sorry I just
face I saw his face and I just had the
thought set it out by ocean he may not
be attractive but the one I German was a
near-perfect lift from the comic book
pages with his crisp white suit bald
head star like facial scar and nipple
rings appearances aside it's what star
dozen says that makes them such an
iconic villain it's usually a mix of
laugh-out-loud funny twisted together
with some perverted obscenities and it's
the absolute best part of preacher
before we dive into hair stars most
shocking moments from season two be sure
to hit subscribe so that you don't miss
any of our videos on preacher American
Horror Story Rick and Morty and much
more what if I told you
that our organization feels exactly the
same way you do like a 10-inch dick I'd
need to see it to believe it
and maybe you shall I want everyone to
know that what is about to transpire I
take no pleasure Falls
[Applause]
what the hell are you do it no does it
look like I'm self consummate please
take note that a distraction no matter
how unseemly can very often be the thing
that turns the tide in your favor the
Grail killed Abraham Lincoln
and why did we do that he preserved the
Union won the war sense of humor his
polling was probably through the roof
something tells me you're going to do
great things here here stop
thank you for this opportunity
[Applause]
[Music]
stand up remove your shirt
hold the butter in your hand not the
tray the butter take it in your hand
tuck it under your chin tuck it under
your chin
now listen carefully
in the general ballpark how long can you
hold your breath
nevermind
and I told you already mr. Peterson the
answer is No
I shouldn't even be meeting you right
now
give me the microfiche you [ __ ] I'll
tell you and your family
ingenious the world on its knees begging
for direction like the ugly girl at a
gangbang it will take time to activate
Brad meanwhile I have a rape and fantasy
absolutely sir and I'll put on a
miniskirt insulin dose station I want a
professional Oh something rough ready
cruel one of those no means yes things
sir exactly
we're on it can I help you dorando who
are these job fairs or your receptionist
going home for the night do you know who
I you for the next 20 minutes you
garbage who are you were the
professionals
I see a mistake has been made
I wanted women I will compensate you for
your time but I must show you the door
nanana we're gonna show you the door no
that's not what I want
you heard the sake of all no means yes
wait Showtime
[Music]
the missing person
[Applause]
[Music]
good luck these are all my prayers yes
overall this time every single want I
can make copies if you'd like to take
them no that's all right why don't you
just shave your ass yes Hoover I'm sure
Casta has left us no choice
god help us it's all come down to you
nothing less than the eternal dignity of
my Grail is at stake guys thanks so much
for watching let me know what your
favorite moment was from preachers
second season hit me up in the comments
below or on Twitter at Ryan Eric peak
thanks for watching